Add philanthropic fundraising (#672)
publiccodenet/about: activities/philanthropic-fundraising/index.md

---
type: Index
---

# Philanthropic fundraising

> Our model is built on raising philanthropic funds. Gifts are tax-deductible. 

Reviewer: This currently sounds like we plan to only rely on philanthropic gifts in the future. I don't think that's our official position.
```suggestion
Our [financial model](https://about.publiccode.net/organization/financial-model.html) includes raising philanthropic funds. Gifts are tax-deductible in both the Netherlands and the US.
```

* Information on how to donate in the Netherlands to a [Public Benefit Organization (ANBI)](ANBI.md)

> * Information on how to donate through the [King Baudouin Foundation US Fund](King-Baudouin.md)

Reviewer 2: It now seems as if this link is about KBF US not how to donate to us.

> 

Author: Re; how to donate to us. We should actually think about it in more detail for the Dutch donation process as indeed it now describes how it works from an tax perspective. So this means we need to put some thought in this, as it's more than simply adding our bank account details, right?

For KBFUS we have a PDF that as sent to us by them, not sure if you want all that information in detail on the website. What I can make more explicit is that potential donors can reach out to KBFUS to get the lowdown on the next steps, which is how the process works. For smaller donations they can use our funds page, I'll make that more explicit.
